# atmData

A data package containing results and other outputs from [estimATM](https://github.com/SWFSC/estimATM) and other methods used to analyze data from acoustic-trawl-method (ATM) surveys conducted by NOAA's Southwest Fisheries Science Center. These data contribute to or are contained in NOAA Technical Memoranda that describe the collection of data ([for example](https://doi.org/10.25923/58w7-y586)) or the distributions, biomasses, and demographics of coastal pelagic fish species (CPS) in the California Current Ecosystem ([for example](https://doi.org/10.25923/v99f-me72)).

## Maintainer
Kevin Stierhoff (@kstierhoff)

# Citation
These data may be cited as: Stierhoff K.L., Zwolinski J.P. _atmData: Results from acoustic-trawl-method (ATM) surveys generated by estimATM_. R package version 0.1, <https://github.com/SWFSC/atmData>. 

# Disclaimer
These are derived data and are subject to change based on analytical improvements, revisions, or the correction of errors. 

This repository is a scientific product and is not official communication of the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration, or the United States Department of Commerce. All NOAA GitHub project code is provided on an ‘as is’ basis and the user assumes responsibility for its use. Any claims against the Department of Commerce or Department of Commerce bureaus stemming from the use of this GitHub project will be governed by all applicable Federal law. Any reference to specific commercial products, processes, or services by service mark, trademark, manufacturer, or otherwise, does not constitute or imply their endorsement, recommendation or favoring by the Department of Commerce. The Department of Commerce seal and logo, or the seal and logo of a DOC bureau, shall not be used in any manner to imply endorsement of any commercial product or activity by DOC or the United States Government.
